Question 1
When a browser connects to a web server to retrieve a document, what default TCP/IP port is used
80
     

Question 2
When a browser connects to a web server to retrieve a document, what command is sent to the server?
GET


Question 3
What does the second "T" of HTTP stand for?
Transfer


Question 4
Which of the following is NOT part of a Uniform Resource Locator:
Operating System


Question 5
Which HTML tag typically generates a request to retrieve a document from the server when it is clicked?
a


Question 6
What standards organization publishes many of the documents that describe the protocols we use on the Internet?
IETF


Question 7
Which of the HTTP headers does the browser look at to decide how to display the retrieved document?
Content-Type


Question 8
In Python, what is the difference between an open file and a socket?
A socket can be simultaneously read and write


Question 9
What must happen before a client can open a socket?
A server must be running that is listening for socket connection


Question 10
What port is used for Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP)?
25


Question 11
What port is used by default for Secure HTTP (https)?
443


Question 12
What is the topic of the Internet Engineering Task Force document RFC2616?
HTTP


Question 13
What is the topic of the Internet Engineering Task Force document RFC42?
Message Data types


Question 14
Which of these Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) documents described the "Internet Control Message Protocol"?
RFC792


Question 15
What is the purpose of encode() in the socket1.py code:
To convert the data to UTF-8 before sending.

16.
Question 16
What can't you see in the Browser Developer Mode for most browsers?
The codes that run in Server


Question 17
In the sample server.py code, which function call actually waits for incoming socket connection requests?
listen()


Question 18
In the sample server.py code, which function call will fail if another application is already using a port?
bind()


Question 19
Which Python library makes it very easy to make HTTP requests from Python?
urlib





























